Usability & accuracy commits (#22)
GoogleCloudPlatform/bigquery-antipattern-recognition: README.md

<ul>
Specifies how many days of INFORMATION_SCHEMA to read <br> 
Must be set along with `--read_from_info_schema`. <br>
This will create a filter on the creation_time column of your INFORMATION_SCHEMA view.<br>
Defaults to 1.
</ul>

``--info_schema_table_name="\`region-us\`.INFORMATION_SCHEMA.JOBS"``
<ul>
Specifies what variant of INFORMATION_SCHEMA.JONS to read from.
</ul>

> ``--info_schema_min_slotms=n``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``--info_schema_min_slot_ms=n``
```

<ul>

> Specifies a minimum number of slotms (integer value).<br> The queries that consume less than this minimum will not be selected for processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a minimum number of slot_ms (integer value).<br> The queries that consume less than this minimum will not be selected for processing.
```
